You can also use markdown to add emphasis or links in your text: **bold** or [link](https://www.google.com). [/INST]
 Here's a cleaned-up version of the transcription without any formatting issues:

Hi everyone, we are talking about a topic which is intensely discussed in software engineering circles and interviews which is should you choose a monolith or should you choose a microservice? So monolith architectures are those which have huge systems. It's just one machine which is running the entire system while microservices are these tiny tiny dots where you just have one function running on one machine and they have tiny tiny databases with each of them connected inter connected and you know all the clients are connected to different microservices while this monolith has all of the clients connected to the single machine is what most people think. There's a common misconception that I'm trying to highlight here. The first one is that the monolith doesn't need to be single in terms of the number of machines you're running it on because there might be multiple machines with the same monolith and these clients can connect to them they in turn can connect to this database or to more databases. So you can horizontally scale you can scale out even with a monolith there's nothing special about it. The second thing is microservices there's nothing micro about a microservice this a microservice is a single business unit all data all functions which are relevant to a service are put into one service. If you can separate it with a lot of concerns being separated out then you probably want to separate a single service into pieces. So that's what a microservices is it's not tiny machines which interact with each other there might be just three microservices in your entire architecture depending on what your system is and they themselves talk to usually talk to their own dedicated databases. The client may not be talking to the microservice it might be talking to a gateway. So these clients will be connected to the gateway and this gateway is talking to these microservices internally. Now that we have some clarity on what microservices and monoliths are let's understand what are the advantages and disadvantages of each architecture. Let's start with the monolith architecture. When put under a lot of load