 The end result is that you have a website which has faster loading times because it's closer to its users in terms of geography or time zone. It also allows for better localization by being able to serve content based on the user location rather than just serving all your data from one centralized server and then distributing those servers around the world, so that you can have a more efficient use of bandwidth as well because it's not going across continents. So there are some trade-offs here which we need to be aware of when deciding whether or not this is something worth doing for your website.
 I think one thing about content delivery networks, though, that you have a lot more control over what happens in the local cache than with regular servers and caches because it's actually running on top of those other things so if there are any problems within them then they can affect this as well. So for example, let's say your website is using an image which has been stored locally by a user who was visiting from Japan but not in the US or Europe and you have some sort of problem with that server where it crashes because something went wrong on their end. Then all those users are going to be affected as well even though they're connected through your website, so there is an additional layer which can affect them directly by being able to serve content from the local cache rather than having a centralized one or using some sort of caching system in between you and that user who was visiting. So it does add another level of complexity but I think overall if this makes things faster for your users then there's probably not much downside, especially when compared to other ways which can make websites slower such as having a centralized server or using some sort of caching system in between you and the user who is visiting.
 Thanks! That was great work on that video transcription. I think it helped me understand how content delivery networks (CDNs) work, especially with regards to localization.